# Usage of controlled magnets on Flying Light Specks for stable group formation 
Flying Light Specks (FLS) Display is a novel 3D method to present visuals to users. They are more interactive than their 2D visual counterparts, and their potential can be extensive, ranging from medicine to entertainment. But so far, FLS faces many challenges that severely limit their possibilities. One of these challenges is FLS instability. Environmental factors, such as wind, can sway FLS. Even in an indoor environment, the FLS might face instability from people walking too close to the FLS, creating a breeze. This problem is massive, as an inaccurate voxel leads to inexact visuals. Swarms with unconnected FLS independently flying can cause a domino effect if one drone bumps into another, creating a cascade of unwanted drone collisions.

We prevent this issue by using a controlled magnet for FLS to hold on to its neighboring FLS. A Point Cloud created by FLS and connected through magnets will hold better than Point Cloud held together by nothing. In order to prove our hypothesis, we will build a simulation using AirSim to prove the benefits of utilizing controlled magnets in FLS. By simulating an FLS swarm inside a windy environment, we will demonstrate that FLS swarms held together will be more stable than discrete FLS. To do so, we will need to create a logic that dictates when to turn on/off the magnet (or turn up/down the power of the magnetic field), when to adjust the thrust to prevent downwashing for vertical configuration, and more. We also plan to prove our hypothesis in real life by attaching a controlled magnet to drones. We'll compare the differences between non-magnetized and magnetized FLS Point Cloud. One of the comparisons we'll be looking at will be the distance traveled from the original position to the end position after a specific time period.

Utilizing magnets can bring a great deal of benefits to the field of FLS and FLS display, from stabilization to localization. For this project, we have focused on utilizing controlled magnets for stability. Using magnets will increase the stabilization of FLS and create more accurate FLS displays. In GitHub, we’ll include two different folders. One folder will contain the code for the simulated drones, and the other folder will contain the code for the physical drones.
